listen to be honest home deliveries
aren't really part of my job description
oh I actually came here to ask you out
oh wow
uh damn sounds great um I'm just gonna
put this back in my pocket pretend that
didn't happen
uh yeah actually I'm free now you wanna
grab some coffee here sure horny bitch
no you're horny bitch
so you guys go have a really good time
I'm just gonna grab my coat and my whip
you know because of the Indiana Jones
not not because I'm into S&M oh mama I'm
not into anything weird yeah just just
normal sex so I'm gonna grab my coat
so you had a good day huh big Commission
picked up a daddy are you okay with this
oh yeah yeah please you guys have fun
okay was nice to see you oh and it was
great to see you too and you look
fantastic
yeah although you missed a button
oh um actually I um oh okay I see what
you're doing there hey you're back from
your date how are you I'm fine but
that's not important what's important is
how is she uh it was fun waiting we just
had coffee Oh uh-huh
coffee little rub rub rub under the
table
Oh it's what's going on do you not
you're not like kitty oh no she is she
was nice bitches a little slutty but who
is it I liked her well of course you did
Ross you would date a gorilla if it
called you Indiana Jones did you get
like a fresh batch of pregnancy hormones
today no it's just
Katy bothered me why what was wrong with
her there was nothing wrong with all
right she was perfectly lovely okay so
what's the matter I don't want you to
date her what why what what are you
jealous yes and not because I want you
to go out with me because I don't want
you to go out with anybody okay I know
it's a terrible thing to even think this
and it's completely inappropriate but I
want you to be at my constant beck and
call 24 hours a day
I'm very sorry but that is just the way
that I feel okay what I won't date I'll
uh I'll be here with you all the time
really
but I'm being so unreasonable
true but you're allowed to be
unreasonable you're having a baby
cue hmm you feel better no not really
you're pressing the baby into my bladder
and I have to pee all right yeah just
just one thing um We Live Together
you're you're having our baby I'm not
gonna see anybody else are you sure you
don't want something more Wow
I don't know maybe
no I'm branch I was just messing around
like you did last night but I had to be
with you too okay good okay if it goes
for a minute you know no no no no no
it's just cuz I'm such a good Messer
oh right
yeah the bathroom right